Feature/frontend upload (#96)
madewithkoji/docs: src/asciidoc/reference/packages/withkojiDatabase.adoc

[source, javascript]
const isDeleted = await database.delete('myCollection', 'myExistingKey');

[.hcode, id=".generateSignedUploadRequest", reftext="generateSignedUploadRequest"]
=== .generateSignedUploadRequest(fileName)

> Generates a signed URL for uploading a file directly to your project’s CDN.

Reviewer: Do we want to link to the guideline somewhere here?

[source, javascript]
const isDeleted = await database.delete('myCollection', 'myExistingKey');

[.hcode, id=".generateSignedUploadRequest", reftext="generateSignedUploadRequest"]
=== .generateSignedUploadRequest(fileName)

Generates a signed URL for uploading a file directly to your project’s CDN.

> For an indepth guide to this method see <<frontend-uploading#>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For an in-depth guide to this method, see <<frontend-uploading#>>.
```
